hi miss Christina said today I have a
really exciting video for guys I have a
review and also give away so one of you
like your viewers will be winning a
prize so stay tuned to see what it is so
if you guys follow me on the twitter and
instagram you've probably seen this
picture that i posted obvious iphone
case because it was so excited about it
and it's from my iphone as you know I've
had a white iphone 4s the new model for
a couple of months now it's like a
blackberry user for forever for years I
was addicted to the crackberry but have
recently been converted by my friends to
iPhone and I've been really addicted to
this but so many people out there have
an iphone that you kind of just want to
personalize it you know and not that
many people have to when you white one
but it's still kind of like you know you
want to have like your own stuff so what
better way to make it more personal than
your case so I have a few iphone cases
already but none of them are
personalized and this is my first
personalized iphone case and as you can
see it's got my name on it right there
Christina so you can get anything you
want on the iphone case it doesn't have
to be like they'll put like your
username or anything like that it's not
like they have to search through their
names you know kind of like you searched
through keychains and one of those like
touristy shops and they don't have your
name you know like they usually have the
Christine with the seat but not with AK
and I can have a family but this one
actually you write down what you want
and they print it for you so this case
right here is from memorable gifts calm
and they'd do a lot of customized and
personalized gifts not just like iphone
cases and stuff like that they also have
like little chillier boxes and like
photo frames and stuff like that and a
lot of them are really sweet because
it's kind of like something you would
want to do for your best friend or for
your significant other and you can even
see some stuff on there where you know
it's something kind of like two halves
like the two iphone cases on there's
like a set with each one is like a half
of a heart so it's like for couples you
know also like I said you can do one for
you like your bestie or whatever so they
have a lot of different gifts and
options you can do so I'm just going to
go ahead and show you guys how I just
put this on it's really easy and as you
can see I took it off so that's not hard
either because some cases are really
hard to take off but this one is plastic
so it's not really that hard it's not
like metal that you have to bend in all
kinds of things you know and I have
dropped it already um one time and
nothing
happen to it it's not scratched it's not
cracked or anything like that okay so
this is the case of my iphone and I have
a little mirror screen protector on it
so that way i haven't beer at all times
so just place it in there and snap it in
so that way there's no like dirt or you
know any kind of particles lodged in
between the two afterwards so now it
just looks like this kit right cute cute
cute so I think this is like a really
cool way to make your iPhone personal
because everyone else out there has an
iphone like I said plus it's very
fashionable it's not like a regular kind
of like one color case that you might
find at a mall or anything like that
actually personalize it for you and it
doesn't take that long for them to do it
so you don't have to wait like forever I
know some companies take like weeks and
weeks to ship stuff to you but it
doesn't take that long at all so I'm
going to put the link to the website
memorable gifts calm down Bellona info
bar and also if you want to check out
this particular model I'm gonna put a
link to this exact iphone case down
there as well but if you want to check
out all of their iphone cases you just
go to the website in a little search bar
at the top just stop an iphone and it
will pull up all of the iphone cases for
you or you can click on different tabs
that gift for her gifts for him
personalized gifts and stuff like that
and search through there if you're
interested in like a picture frame or
something like that but not for the fun
part one of you guys will win and
personalized iphone case and you can put
whatever you want on you can put your
name like i did you can put you know
your username you can put like I love
ice cream you know whatever you want
like whatever means something special
and personal to you or you know whatever
you feel like my make you stand out with
your iphone case and of course it would
be awesome if you did have an iphone
case but if you don't you know you might
just want to give it to like your mom or
your best friend of whoever does have an
iphone and this type of case is
personalized so retails for twenty-five
dollars which is about of surprises you
would get a case for at the mall but is
personalized so i think that should be
even more but it's not it's about the
same price i think that's really awesome
so thank you to the company who made
this giveaway possible it was really
nice of them to do that so now for the
rules to enter the contest and now a lot
of people don't have that cameras are
you on that so this will just be a
simple comments give away but you don't
just put like enter me and win you know
like those comments
will be deleted I'm gonna explain
exactly how you enter in a second but
first make sure you're subscribed to
this channel right here and make sure
the year 18 or above or ask your parents
permission because the company will be
shipping you the case ends you know we
don't want anybody out there to have to
send it back if their parents say no you
cannot have this comment or a half so
whatever exactly make sure you're
subscribed and everything like that this
is where you go to comments your
comments going to consist of two
different parts but it's going to be in
one comments so first I would like you
guys to go to memorable gifts calm i'm
going to put the link in the info bar
like i said and pick anything from there
that you would love to have and just
browse around and pick something that
you would love to have you know if you
want the iphone case just say which
iphone case you want if you don't have
an iphone you would like like a picture
frame or sometime back just find
something you like on there there's also
a second parts of the comments and this
is what it is and the reason I'm doing
this is because there's going to be
unlimited entries so you can enter more
than once it's not like a limited number
of times they can enter anything like
that you can comment like every day 10
times a day whatever you want but
because i don't want YouTube to mark it
as spam I don't want just people to be
cutting and pasting their comments over
and over because it will be more to span
by youtube and this video will be
flagged so this is where you're gonna do
for the second part I got this idea from
hollyannaeree here in YouTube so you're
going to come to a video that I've
recently posted and I'm going to put the
link below as well in the info bar with
all the rules they're going to be right
there you're going to go to that video
and you're going to like it and you're
going to look at the number of the life
that you are so for example Sam
answering the giveaway so I'm going to
the video I'm liking it and say it tells
me I'm like number 30 so I'm going to
hit the back button come back to this
video and comments like number 30 and
then say i would love deep what is the
call i'm looking at the webster that's
called modern elegance personalized
iphone and purple so that's going to be
my comments and if you want to comment
again you're gonna have to go back to
the video and hit the like button again
and say I'm like number 40 or whatever
happens to be because there are people
also doing it at the same time with you
so you're not going to be you know going
30 and 31 and 32 like like there's going
to be someone else that have hit the
button since you've been right in the
comments so please do follow the rules
and do every step at a time if that
makes any sense and like i said i'll put
everything below so if you do get
confused just read
rules there I'm going to have this
giveaway up it for two weeks so i'm
going to post the day it ends right here
somewhere and a little annotation so you
guys know so i like to everybody i do
hopefully you guys enjoy this giveaway
and have fun with it and so as many
times as you want like i said and yeah
that's pretty much it so i'll see you
guys in the next video bye